ASKE-E LOE Estimation

NOTE: K(s) represents the Kolmogorov complexity (in bits) of the
      source text `s`.

Guide to files

bounds/
  This directory contains code to explore the use of compression
  as a proxy for the Kolmogorov Complexity metric. In particular,
  we demonstrate that the metric has tight bounds despite reordering
  of a program's function definitions, and that identifier length
  must be normalized in order to meaningfully to compare the proxy
  K(s) of different source programs.
check.sh
  This script displays the source text of code samples after
  normalization of keywords, identifiers and strings. This normalized
  form is used in the generation of proxy K(s).
halstead/
  This directory contains code to explore Halstead's complexity metric.
june/
  This directory contains experiments (since abandoned) which attempt
  to quantify the similarity of two code samples.
list-samples.sh
  This script simple lists all of the sample code.
LOE-Metric-July.pdf
  This report does not exist in the repo; it is generated from the
  LOE-Metric-July.txt file via the ./make-pdf-report.sh script.
LOE-Metric-July.txt
  This is the source text of the PDF report.
loe.sh
  This script generates a proxy K(s) metric from a source text after
  normalization (alpha-conversion of identifiers and keywords into
  distinct namespaces, plus conversion of strings to a fixed definition.
  See the report for a justification of normalization.
make-pdf-report.sh
  This script generates the PDF report from its source text.
mccabe/
  This directory contains tools to extract function-level Cyclomatic
  complexity metrics from a source text.
report.sh
  This script generates a proxy K(s) report for all texts in the
  samples directory.
samples/
  This directory contains all sample texts. Each text is accomanpanied
  by a manually-generated list of symbols used as identifiers.
samples.cfg
  This script is automatically sourced to define source texts to be
  processed. It must be updated when source texts are added to or
  removed from the samples directory.
